README.md, before:

# Project 4 - Restaurant Roulette Electron App

---

### Project Team Members

* Will Newell
* Daouda Sarr
* Michael Woo

___

### Description
Ever found yourself in a group and you can't figure out where to eat? Let Restaurant Roulette pick for you. Using our collection of highly touted ★★★ and higher restaurants within New York, ranging in price from $ to $$$$, we'll randomly select a restaurant based on your current location.

Take the stress out of where to eat and leave chance to us.

---

### Technology Used
The following technologies were used for this web application:

* HTML
* CSS
* Javascript
* jQuery
* Electron

---

### User Stories
1. As a user, you can enter your zipcode and randomly receive a highly touted NYC restaurant near you

---

### Pseudocode
**Minimal Viable Product:**

* Enter a proper zipcode and on search receive a restaurant near you
* Enter an incorrect zipcode and receive an error message

---

### Issues & Resolutions

* Electron setup
* Databases within Electron environment
* Parsing CSV into JSON

---

### Sources

* [Electron](http://electron.atom.io/)
* [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/)
* [jQuery](http://api.jquery.com/)
* [Michelin & Bib Gourmand](https://www.viamichelin.com/)
* [Mozilla Developers Network](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)

Commit message:

Update readme with build process

README.md, after:

# Project 4 - Restaurant Roulette Electron App

---

### Project Team Members

* Will Newell
* Daouda Sarr
* Michael Woo

___

### Description
Ever found yourself in a group and you can't figure out where to eat? Let Restaurant Roulette pick for you. Using our collection of highly touted ★★★ and higher restaurants within New York, ranging in price from $ to $$$$, we'll randomly select a restaurant based on your current location.

Take the stress out of where to eat and leave chance to us.

---

### Technology Used
The following technologies were used for this web application:

* HTML
* CSS
* Javascript
* jQuery
* Electron

---

### User Stories
1. As a user, you can enter your zipcode and randomly receive a highly touted NYC restaurant near you

---

### Pseudocode
**Minimal Viable Product:**

* Enter a proper zipcode and on search receive a restaurant near you
* Enter an incorrect zipcode and receive an error message

---

### Issues & Resolutions

* Electron setup
* Databases within Electron environment
* Parsing CSV into JSON

---

### Compile Process for OSX
We used electron-packager for the build process. To repeat runnin the following lines in your terminal. 
1. npm install -g electron-packager
2. electron-packager . --platform=darwin --no-prune --overwrite
---

### Sources

* [Electron](http://electron.atom.io/)
* [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/)
* [jQuery](http://api.jquery.com/)
* [Michelin & Bib Gourmand](https://www.viamichelin.com/)
* [Mozilla Developers Network](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)
